All right, in the last section we have completed with the meaningful file and we got the real information
from the sessions.
We we updated this session to achieve the username.
We've got the image.
And also here we updated this story part in this section, we were going to create the model part here.
If you click and we go to the final version of the project and we click on this button here at the top
right.
We can see that if window pop up, that's actually we call it model.
And it has some features.
It has the camera icon, but that's when we click it can choose a inside your computer and you can write
your caption and finally upload the post.
In this section, we just want to try to because for having this model, we need a stage.
That is global.
So for achieving this, we're going to use a package called recoil.
So if you go to our visual studio code.
And we open our.
Our website in the right side.
An index that J.S..
So we have already completed the feed section.
Now we are in the model, so we're going to create a component.
Called the upload model here, you just click here and we make.
We put the name.
Upload model 30 years.
We create a reactor functional component using RF C.
Now we can delete this react and in scientists return, we just right for now.
Moral.
And you just make it complete upload model.
All right.
So inside index that yes, let's close this extra thing.
So we have focus.
All right.
Index that yes, we import that upload model.
So we can use outer space to get auto suggestion to import it as soon as we do it.
You should see the model at the bottom.
Yeah, upload model.
So let's add the recoil as well to our project.
So we go to the we go to Google and we search for recoil J.S. in the search results.
We can see a website called Recoil Genius dot org.
Which shows that recall works and think like react at some to your app and get fast and flexible, shared
a state.
So we're going to click on recall notice.
And we can see that it's a very simple and minimal and.
Uh, you can watch this one later for yourself.
But we go to it gets us started part.
And if we scroll down a little bit here, the installation part, we can see the installation command,
which is npm installed three coil.
So we copy this and we go back to Visual Studio code.
He stopped the server using controversy.
It cleared the terminal and the pace, the code.
So as soon as we installed, the installation process was very fast because the package is very small.
Uh.
And it's very light and small, and it's easy to use.
So after the installation, we can see that we have to at the.
Recoil to the root of our application.
If you remember, we did this one for the recession.
We covered our route by station provider.
We should do the same things with the recoil as well.
So we go to.
And underline app that, yes, if you remember we did decision provider, we need to do the same things
with the recoil.
So here at a time, we're going to import something called recoil with a Capital R recoil roots.
And this is going to be from.
Victoria.
So, Dan, we need to cover our application with this.
One is just a recoil brute.
We get the closing tag as well, and we bring this fun to the center.
Now we covered all our application with recoil and also this is inside this session, so everything
looks fine and nice.
Now we can add the global estate in anywhere in our application.
If you go back to the tutorial of recoil, if you scroll down this, they said, we need to create an
atom and atom actually represent a piece of the state.
So for example, if you want to make a state for model, which is, uh, which is in the state, we
need to create an atom for it.
Atom is kind of a storage for your global estate, so any time you want to call or change this state,
it's going to get it from the atom and take it from there.
So we need to create a file.
And then we need to put this line of code inside that file, so we copy this.
We go back to Visual Studio code and we create a folder outside.
I mean, in, for example, at this level, OK, we create a folder called Aton.
And inside this folder, we create our estate, which we call it model in our case.
So it was just a model at home.
The genius and inside is fast.
We need to import Aton.
First.
From recoil.
Sorry from Notre.
Yeah.
And then we export.
A constant cold model of state.
Remember, we copy this one.
All right.
Just, uh.
You can copy this or I was writing it, it doesn't matter, you can paste it here after the export.
So instead of ticks, we're going to change the ticks to model.
All right.
So we have model stage.
So the key is moral state.
And a default value is false.
In our case, because we want the model to be close.
All right.
So we want to be clear, we want it to be closed as a default, but when we click on the button, we
want to open it so we change it from false to true.
So we create the atom.
Now we can use it inside the upload model that we have created the component here.
So inside the components we need to import.
Few things.
The first one is.
The item that we have created, the name was Mordo.
This state from the state that's related to a model and it comes from and we go back and if all the
back and we go inside the folder at home and inside the atom, we go to model at home, which is a model
atom that is.
All right, so we have to model the state here.
We can use it and we need to use it, we need to creative states here, but we're not using to use the
state.
The normal use uses state use.
This state is the low level state.
We want to have something called, as you can see here, a state that, uh.
We create a state that is the.
General, and it's a global.
All right.
So in order to achieve this one.
We need to use something called use recoilless state.
Because we're using recoil and we we uh, it's it's going to create us a global state.
So we create a constant and we just say.
We create a state called Open, and we set it open because we want to open and close the model and.
We are going to use U.S recoil.
A state.
And we have to import it.
This is going to suggest us that we can click on this and import it at a top, so we're importing used
recoil state from recoil and the initial value is coming from the atom because we will be have to each
time call and check that in our store.
What is the initial state and what is the level?
Because this is a global state, we need to store it somewhere outside the components.
So the initial value is the whatever the model state is.
Is it false or is it true?
But as a default is false.
So no, the open is false.
But the is not defined here.
As usual, we do for users state it's comes from the top level, higher level or top level.
All right.
So here, let's check it this, we check if the open.
If it's open, just the.
H1 tag.
All right.
And just say the model is open.
Why shouldn't it show now?
And if it's around the server and run there, we should just see the open upload model at the end of
our.
Website.
Let me refresh.
OK, we just think we're just seeing the upload model.
So, no, we need to at the.
Unclear on this button and create that estate in the header as well.
So when we click on this button, we're going to change the open estate to true.
And so we can't see it here under this one.
So we go back to Visual Studio Code.
We go to Heterogeneous.
At the top of the handle that yes.
Just under this import import.
We import a couple of things, so we're going to import.
User Arthur.
No, actually, uh, we use it later, but first we import recoil, used recoil estate because we want
to have that the same estate we had here inside the opal upload model, we had the open estate.
The u00a0 could use recoil state.
We're going to have the same things in the header.
So we're going to control this open and close inside both of the header and open model.
That's why we are using actually a global state.
All right.
So in the header that you use, we're going to import this from.
Recoil.
And after this, we need and other things we need at home as well.
We created the atom.
So because we need to specify the initial estimate, which was false, if you remember.
So we just say model the stage from.
Dot dot, dot.
We come back one fuller and we go to add Tom.
Uh, folder.
And we just call, uh, we just saw a model actor.
The death.
All right.
And now we can use it, so here first.
Just after this, we don't need this law council log anymore.
So we just here, we create a consent and we call it.
Open.
And set up a.
OK, and then we equal this one to use recoil estate and initial value would be model of state.
Which is coming from our A-Team.
All right.
So in this case, when we change the open state here, it's going to change in everywhere in our application,
including open upload model 30th.
So here now how we change the open state as a.
Let's refresh our website.
To sign in.
So when you click on this button, which is the plus icon, we want to open the.
Model, so here at the bottom, we have this.
Plus, circle icon, we add.
On Click.
And the anklet would be a function that returns.
That set open.
Sit open.
And we want to set the open to be true.
As you remember, the default one was false.
And now we said it to be true by clicking on this plus circle icon.
For now, you can still see that we don't see that, uh, upload state.
So we can see if the open is true, we get the model is open now, we don't see it because the open
is false.
When you click on here.
We should see a change.
So now we can't see the model is open at the bottom.
All right.
So we it's working fine now.
And if you refresh the page, it should go back to forth.
You can see every twist that again, the model is open.
All right.
In a next section, the things we do is.
It is the final version of the project.
We're going to create.
This model, this is actually not going to create it from scratch.
We're going to use a package called REAC model and we easily can achieve this kind of model and as you
can see, the model is open and the background is kind of
blurry, some blurry just a little bit a little bit lighter.
And the color is different.
And when we click on our side tomorrow, we see this model is close.
So are we going to change the estate of open and they say they've open from false the true by just clicking
this on or clicking outside?
And see, or when we upload the post, we're going to close it too, but we're going to get that later.
First, we're going to create this model using React model package and we're going to achieve this,
uh, closing things when we click outside the model first, we let's push everything to get up.
So we have a friend's for later and we can review the code.
So we just say get at.
And we get comments.
With the message of install recoil.
And and at home.
And.
Upload.
Model components.
All right.
Let's push it to get up and recheck it inside GitHub.
Very clean.
So here we refresh the page by clicking on this install version for or any name you put for your application.
Now we have 20 commands.
It means that we created almost, I think, 20 videos, and the video titles is the same as the comments.
And if you go to the comments now we have the last one is here, which is I made a mistake of writing
install recoil at.
The problem is that the fixing this one is very hot and gets hot, but let it be like this.
But in the title of the video, I'm going to fix this install.
But install require an atom and upload model component.
We click on this.
As you can see, we created model action.
That is inside the Atom folder.
We create a piece of the state, which is model state, and the initial value is false.
Then in the header, we imported recoil to state and model state.
Both from recoil and models at one.
We added an oncolytic inside the plus circle icon, so when we click on the plastic icon, be set to
the open estate to be true as we defined here.
And this is going to be everywhere because we made it globally and we made a component called upload
upload model that you use.
And here we define the, uh, the states as well.
The reason we defined here because we need to use it here and also in the next section, we're going
to win be install the React model.
We're going to close the, uh, the model using apps set up and false by putting on click on everywhere
in the screen except in model.
So we installed two actually one packages, Rock recalled, probably this one is updated or I don't
know what happened here.
Was just out of the coma, if so.
And also an underlying app that you use, we use the recall route to cover all our applications, so
we have access to the recall listings in everywhere in our application and index.
That just which is our main page after the feed.
We added another section model, which is upload model we've got from the components forward slash upload
model.
Yeah, that was it for this section in the next section, we're going to create the model using recoil
using React model package.
So see you in the next section.